ethereum config: document websocket and gas limit changes (#830)
hyperledger/caliper: docs/vNext/Ethereum_Configuration.md

Furthermore, it also contains two optional commands: a `start` command to execute once before the tests and an `end` command to execute once after the tests. Using these commands is an easy way, for example, to automatically start and stop a test network. When connecting to an already deployed network, you can omit these commands.

These are the keys to provide inside the configuration file under the `ethereum` one:

> * [URL](#url) of the node to connect to. Only websockets are currently supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [URL](#url) of the node to connect to. Only websocket is currently supported.
```
I would personally use the singular here (also below).

Author: Thanks - I'll update (I don't think I can use the "Commit suggestion" button because of the DCO requirement).
